In the previous lesson, we protected our content,
but we only did so based on where the visitor is located,
CloudFront provides several other solutions for securing
content and keeping designated content private.
Many times, when distributing content over the internet,
you will want to restrict access to documents,
business data, media streams, or content that is intended for selected users.
For example,
users who have paid a fee. To securely serve this private content
through CloudFront, you can use the following: Require that users only
access content through CloudFront URLs. They can't directly reach your
origin by using origin access identity.
Require that your users access your private content by using
special CloudFront‑signed URLs or signed cookies.
Keep sensitive data posted through web forms
private with field‑level encryption.
Utilize AWS WAF to protect against many types of
malicious attempts to access private content.
Every one of these solutions has tons of options and many
ways to configure our implement them,
which could take us down the rabbit hole of hours and hours of video, so let's
just briefly describe in touch on their technical elements. The problem with
CloudFront distributions with default settings is that you make your bucket
public, and your users can also access your content through the S3 bucket if
they know the bucket address.
This makes CloudFront's caching mechanism ineffective.
Besides,
if you would like to serve your private content with
signed URLs through CloudFront,
you need to allow access to your content only through CloudFront; otherwise,
unauthorized users can access your content through the
S3 endpoint without your control.
To avoid the situation,
you need to define an origin access identity for your
CloudFront distribution. Make your bucket private, and only
grant access to this origin access identity.
However,
let me note that origin access identity is only applicable to
distributions who have S3 buckets as origin domain names.
An origin access identity is a special CloudFront user.
You can create an origin access identity while adding a new S3 origin to
your CloudFront distribution. After entering the origin domain name with
your S3 bucket, select Yes on Restrict Bucket Access. When you enable
bucket restriction, be sure to select Create a New Identity on Origin
Access Identity's section.
It only has a comment field,
which you can leave as is or type of meaningful
explanation to remember in the future.
Alternatively,
you can create an origin access identity in CloudFront console under
Private Content, Origin access identity section.
You created an origin excess identity, but it has no permissions.
You need to grant it read access to your S3 bucket to be able to serve your
users. Again, you can do this during creation by selecting Yes,
Update Bucket Policy in Grant Reed Permissions on Bucket section.
This actually modifies the bucket policy of your S3 bucket to
grant read access to your origin access identity,
which you can see here.
If you need to grant read access to origin access identity manually,
then select No,
I Will Update Permissions. And this time, you need to use
CanonicalUser as Principal in the bucket policy.
You can find the S3 canonical user ID of your origin access
identity on CloudFront Console, Private Content,
Origin access identity.
After refreshing the bucket policy page,
you will see the Amazon S3 converted your policy with CanonicalUser to
the ARN version automatically. And by default, only owners of the S3
bucket have access to objects in the S3 bucket.
After creating your CloudFront distribution,
you should wait for its status to switch from InProgress to Deployed.
From this point on,
your objects will only be distributed via CloudFront URLs.
CloudFront signed URLs provide a mechanism to control access to
the content served through a distribution.
Unlike the origin access identity,
it restricts access to users who can view your content.
When you create a distribution, by default,
it is open to everybody who knows the URL.
But sometimes you want to limit that.
For example, on our event website,
you only want visitors who have purchased a ticket to be able to
download the ticket template from S3 when the attempt to print their
ticket. You can use signed URLs for this.
Awesome! But why should we do this?
A common scenario is when you have a public part of
your site that is non‑protected, allowing anonymous access,
and there is a private part accessible only to a subset of your users.
You can configure the latter to require a signed URL so you
have control over who can access the content.
In order to sign a request, you need to associate a key pair with your account.
In order to generate your keys,
you need the root account, as IAM users cannot manage them. After
logging in with the root account, access the form through the My
Security Credentials menu on the console.
Find the CloudFront key pairs and add a new one. Within the
CloudFront distribution, check the Restrict Viewer Access
checkbox on the behavior you wish to restrict.
Since it is per behavior,
you can have protected and unprotected paths side by side.
Now when you try to access the protected path, you'll get a 403 Forbidden error.
Now you need to prepare your back end to do the signing.
For example, if we were to use Node.js,
we could use aws‑cloudfront‑sign library to do the signing for us.
The following code can be used to do the signing.
If this had the correct certificate and key pair,
you'd get back a signed URL. I know this can be difficult to see,
but let's just talk about what all is included in this signed
URL. Well, you have your domain and path.
You have your signed URL expiration date.
This is your policy.
You have the actual signature for the URL. And then you've got your key pair ID,
which was used to generate the value of the signature.
If you don't want to modify the URLs,
you can use signed cookies. To generate them, call
the getSignedCookies function, which returns three cookies, CloudFront‑Policy,
CloudFront‑Signature, and CloudFront‑Key‑Pair‑Id.
Send these to the user, and they will be able to access the
protected content on the original URLs. You can already configure
CloudFront to help enforce secure end‑to‑end connections to your
origin servers by using HTTPS.
Field‑level encryption adds an additional layer of security along with
HTTPS that lets you protect specific data throughout system processing so
that only certain applications can see it.
Field‑level encryption allows you to securely upload
user‑submitted sensitive information to your web servers.
The sensitive information provided by your clients is encrypted
at the edge closer to the user and remains encrypted throughout
the entire application stack,
ensuring that only applications that need the data and have the
credentials to decrypt it are able to do so.
This is important in general when protecting your visitor's information,
but even more so when working within an industry that has strict
compliance rules for data that falls under PII, PHI, payment data, or
other sensitives or confidential data. To use field‑level encryption, you
configure your CloudFront distribution to specify the set of fields in
post requests that you want to be encrypted, as well as the public key
used to encrypt them.
You can encrypt up to 10 data fields in a request. You can't
encrypt all the data in a request with field‑level encryption. You
must specify individual fields to encrypt.
When the HTTPS request with field‑level encryption is forwarded to the origin,
the request is routed throughout your origin subsystem.
The sensitive data is still encrypted,
reducing the risk of a data breach or accidental data loss of
sensitive data. Components that need access to the sensitive data for
business reasons, such as a payment processing system needing access
to the credit card number, can use the appropriate private key to
decrypt and access the data.
All right, a high‑level overview of field‑level encryption.
You must obtain and add the public key before you start setting up field‑level
encryption in CloudFront. Field‑level encryption profiles,
which you create in CloudFront, define the fields
that you want to have encrypted.
A configuration specifies the profiles to use based on the
content type of the request or the query argument for
encrypting specific data fields.
You can also choose the request forwarding behavior option
that you want for different scenarios.
For example,
when the profile name specified by the the query argument in a
request URL doesn't exist in CloudFront. Link configuration to a
cache behavior for a distribution to specify when CloudFront
shouldn't encrypt your data.
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that lets you monitor the HTTP and HTTPS
requests that are forwarded to CloudFront and lets you control access to your
content based on conditions that you specify,
such as the IP addresses the requests originated from or the values of query
strings. CloudFront responds to requests either with the requested content or
with an HTTP 403 status code Forbidden. With AWS WAF,
you can protect web content deployed on CloudFront from common web
exploits that could compromise security, availability, or consuming
excessive resources. You start AWS WAF by defining conditions, which
are combined together within rules.
Your rules are collected within a web ACL,
which are then associated with your CloudFront distribution.
Associating a WAF ACL attaches it to the entire
distribution. Not a single origin or behavior,
but the entire distribution.
In addition to configuring AWS WAF to inspect traffic
sent to your CloudFront distribution, you can combine custom error page handling,
geo restriction, and handling of different HTTP methods. For more
information on how to build and implement WAF ACL, then look in the
Pluralsight catalog for AWS security‑related courses.
As I stated earlier, previously we talked about restrictions
regarding where your users are coming from.
Now you can see there are a lot of options on restricting who can access your content.